```
┌─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
│                                                                Box 1                                                                │
├─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┤
│ [     Bulbasaur     ] [      Ivysaur      ] [      Venusaur     ] [     Charmander    ] [     Charmeleon    ] [     Charizard     ] │
│ [      Squirtle     ] [     Wartortle     ] [     Blastoise     ] [      Caterpie     ] [      Metapod      ] [     Butterfree    ] │
│ [       Weedle      ] [       Kakuna      ] [      Beedrill     ] [       Pidgey      ] [     Pidgeotto     ] [      Pidgeot      ] │
│ [      Rattata      ] [      Raticate     ] [   Alolan Rattata  ] [  Alolan Raticate  ] [      Spearow      ] [       Fearow      ] │
│ [       Ekans       ] [       Arbok       ] [       Pichu       ] [      Pikachu      ] [       Raichu      ] [   Alolan Raichu   ] │
└─────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```
# Pokémon Box Layout Creator
Python scripts to create and manage your Pokémon box layouts  

I originally created this to help me with managing my Pokémon Home shiny living dex. I cleaned up the code a bit and reorganized some stuff so this should be easy enough to use.  
## Settings
You should have a file named `settings.json`, this is where you choose, you guessed it, your settings.  
### `shiny_dex`
- `true`: When `box_caught.py` is run, names in `shiny_locked.txt` will be marked out
- `false`: When `box_caught.py` is run, `shiny_locked.txt` will be ignored entirely
### `open_when_done`
- `true`: After `box.py` or `box_caught.py` is run, their corresponding text documents will be opened in your system default
- `false`: After `box.py` or `box_caught.py` is run, their corresponding text documents will not be opened
### `invert_caught`
- `true`: When `box_caught.py` is run, names in `caught.txt` will not be marked out, instead marking out all the Pokémon you haven't caught
- `false`: When `box_caught.py` is run, names in `caught.txt` will be marked out
## Text Files
All of your text files, other than `box.txt` and `box_caught.txt`, should be formatted something like this:  
```
Bulbasaur
Ivysaur
Venusaur
Charmander
Charmeleon
...
```
### `mons.txt`
This is where you put the Pokémon names in the order you want them to be when formatted. My `mons.txt` should be included in the download, but if you don't like my layout you can empty the file and make your own. I used this [website](https://pokemondb.net/tools/text-list) as the base for mine.  
### `caught.txt`
This is where you put the names of the Pokémon you have caught.  

When adding a Pokémon to `caught.txt`, make sure the name of the Pokémon matches the way the name is typed in `mons.txt`.  
### `caught_but_not_evolved.txt`
This is where you put the names of the Pokémon you have caught but not evolved. For example, I have caught a Duraludon to evolve into an Archaludon. I want to note that I have the Pokémon but just need to evolve it, so I would put Archaludon in my `caught_but_not_evolved.txt`.  

When adding a Pokémon to `caught_but_not_evolved.txt`, make sure the name of the Pokémon matches the way the name is typed in `mons.txt`.  
### `shiny_locked.txt`
This only applies if the shiny_dex setting is set to true. This is where you put the names of the Pokémon that are completely impossible to obtain shiny. I have included a `shiny_locked.txt` file that has the list of currently unavailable shinies, but if you aren't also using my `mons.txt` file then you might have to modify it.  

When adding a Pokémon to `shiny_locked.txt`, make sure the name of the Pokémon matches the way the name is typed in `mons.txt`.  
### `box.txt`
By default, you shouldn't have a `box.txt`. `box.txt` is an output file generated by `box.py`. This is where the Pokémon in `mons.txt` get formatted into the box layout.  
### `box_caught.txt`
By default, you shouldn't have a `box_caught.txt`. Similarly to `box.txt`, `box_caught.txt` is an output file generated by `box_caught.py`. This is where the Pokémon in `mons.txt` get formatted into the box layout, and then the names of Pokémon in `caught.txt`, `caught_but_not_evolved.txt`, and `shiny_locked.txt` (if enabled) are marked out.  

Below is the legend to differentiate the "caught" status of each Pokémon:  
```
[     Charizard     ] --> Not caught

[▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓] --> Caught (This looks much better when viewed through notepad)

>     Charizard     < --> Caught but not evolved

[▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▒] --> Shiny locked (Once again, looks much better in notepad)
```
## Python Scripts
### `remove_spaces.py`
This script removes extra spaces at the end of Pokémon names in `mons.txt`. If you use the [site](https://pokemondb.net/tools/text-list) mentioned earlier, then this is for you. Depending on the settings used when you generated your list, there might be unnecessary spaces at the end of each name. That's what this is for!
### `check_for_duplicates.py`
This script checks through `mons.txt` to see if any names appear more than once. When setting up your own version of `mons.txt` theres a chance you accidently move a name somewhere else and forget to delete the original. **This does not remove duplicates from `mons.txt`**, you will have to do that manually.
### `box.py`
As mentioned earlier, this script formats `mons.txt` into the standard box layout. It then outputs this to `box.txt`.
### `box_caught.py`
As mentioned earlier, this script formats `mons.txt` into the standard box layout. Then, the names of Pokémon in `caught.txt`, `caught_but_not_evolved.txt`, and `shiny_locked.txt` (if enabled) are marked out. This is then outputted to `box_caught.txt`.
## Batch Files
Each batch file simply starts its corresponding python script. For example, if you run `box.bat` it will run `box.py`.